Important Information
This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you may use the app Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated here, do not use the app. Avon Healthcare reserves the right to revise the enclosed Terms and Conditions on a frequent basis. You as the viewer agree to review the Terms and Conditions on a periodical basis. As a repeat visitor to the Site, you may consider the Terms and Conditions binding to successive visits.
Use of the app
The app contains certain services and related features that may require registration or subscription. If you open and operate an account on the app you shall ensure that you are lawfully authorised to provide all information submitted by you and all such information is true and accurate. You are responsible for updating all information supplied once there is any change. Avon Healthcare reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to any account created or any restricted portion of the app should it discover that any information provided by you is no longer true or accurate.
You are entirely responsible for all activities that occur under such account and you are solely responsible for keeping details of such password and account safe and secure at all times. If you detect or become aware of any unauthorised activity or use of your account or password on the app, you shall immediately notify Avon Healthcare of the same to enable Avon Healthcare immediately disable access to such account.
Avon Healthcare shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with, use of your account on the app or failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Information on the app
This app aims to provide commercial information to all our stakeholders, including our clients, medical services providers, brokers and agents, prospective and current. However, personal comments, opinions and views expressed on this app are not necessarily a representation of the views of Avon Healthcare or its management. Avon Healthcare is not responsible for any injury, loss, damage or expense incurred by any individual as a result either directly or indirectly of any information published on this app. In using this app, you acknowledge and agree that the terms set forth above are fundamental to the usage of the app, and that the app would not be provided to you in the absence of such terms.
Disclaimer
Avon Healthcare does not claim the app will operate free of errors or that the app and its servers are free of possibly harmful elements.
Third Party Links
The app may contain links to third party Web Sites. Avon Healthcare has no control over such third-party websites and makes no representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites or regarding the safety of the third-party Web Site. Access to such third-party websites is subject to the prevailing terms and conditions and privacy policies of the third-party sites and we advise that you read their terms and conditions and privacy policies carefully before proceeding with the sites.
General
Any disputes, claims or proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the materials or the app shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The Nigerian Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of any proceedings arising out of or in any way relating to the materials or the app. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Avon Healthcare may at any time and without liability modify, suspend or discontinue the app or any materials (or any part or specification thereof), with or without notice, for any valid technical, operational or commercial reasons. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Avon Healthcare with respect to the use of the app.